# Emen Void

Today is the birthday of my spirit, from now on, my name will be Emen Void.

Void means to empty my past that doesn't lead to success and restart my future from zero.
- similar to how Elon Musk ditched buying rocket from Russia and started building his rockets using first-principle.

Emen has no special meaning, it came up by accident.
- at first, I registered "emen.men", and then one day I thought, why not just use emen as my name? it seems unique, simple, and easy to pronounce.


# hurry down to speed up

Over the past, I am always in a hurry: wanting to change the world in 10 years, make a new operating system in 1 year, write a book in 30 days.

It turns out that, the more hurry I am, the more slow things are going.

But simply slow down doesn't solve the problem, the thing is I should space my time more efficiently. 

Instead of spending all my day doing the same thing, like writing or coding, I should spend just enough time for one thing, and do as many things as possible.

This is based on the marginal effect, just as world-class athletes don't practice all day, they practice just a few hours, but keep practicing for a very long time, and usually start at very young age.


# from nothing to everything

At this moment, I have 4 ideas in mind

- become an innovative and better person from zero

- create an innovative and better programming ecosystem from ground up

- build an innovative and better community from just one person

- build an innovative and better world from the void

all of these are very hard to achieve, and I might probably just fail, but as long as I keep sharing my experience, ultimately, someone will achieve.
